Adding validate command (#62)
fsaintjacques/semver-tool: README.md

  -h, --help             Print this help message.

Commands:
  bump      Bump by one of major, minor, patch; zeroing or removing
            subsequent parts. "bump prerel" sets the PRERELEASE part and
            removes any BUILD part. A trailing dot in the <prerel> argument
            introduces an incrementing numeric field which is added or
            bumped. If no <prerel> argument is provided, an incrementing numeric
            field is introduced/bumped. "bump build" sets the BUILD part.
            "bump release" removes any PRERELEASE or BUILD parts.
            The bumped version is written to stdout.

  compare   Compare <version> with <other_version>, output to stdout the
            following values: -1 if <other_version> is newer, 0 if equal, 1 if
            older. The BUILD part is not used in comparisons.

  diff      Compare <version> with <other_version>, output to stdout the
            difference between two versions by the release type (MAJOR, MINOR,
            PATCH, PRERELEASE, BUILD).

  get       Extract given part of <version>, where part is one of major, minor,
            patch, prerel, build, or release.

>   validate  Validate if <version> is a valid SEMVER, ouput to stdout valid or
>             invalid. See <version> definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validate  Validate if <version> follows the SEMVER pattern (see <version>
            definition). Print 'valid' to stdout if the version is valid, otherwise
            print 'invalid'.
```
